Feature/recheck junit extension (#55)
retest/docs: docs/recheck/introduction/usage.md

!!! warning
	You should make sure to call the methods in their respective order. While `Recheck` will try its best to keep the lifecycle intact, it may still produce unexpected results or even errors.

!!! tip

> 	You can use the corresponding extension for the test framework of your choice to keep the lifecycle intact.

Reviewer: The test extensions do more, the administer the lifecycle.
```suggestion
	You can use the corresponding extension for the test framework of your choice to administer the lifecycle so that the lifecycle methods will be called at the appropriate times.
```

}
```

> #### Using recheck's JUnit 4 extension

Reviewer: If we remove the installation in Installation, I would add the link to the github repositories, which then should explain the installation progress.

Author: I added the links in Usage. Should we also add links in Installation?
